with top five hashtags, a reals slashtik
script with the description with the top
five tags. And I want this at 8:00 in
the morning. Um, when you do it, I want
you to do a search first. See if there's
any new trending topics. See if there's
any market news. Has there been a Fed
meeting? Uh, jobs data, whatever, you
know. And then what it's going to do is
every day at 8 o'clock in the morning,
Monday through Friday, it's going to do
the web search that you told it to. It's
going to generate the content in the way
that you told it to. And then it's going
to give that to you. So now at 8 o'clock
in the morning, you can get onto your
phone or your app or whatever. You go,
"All right, cool. Copy. Oh, I've got an
image for this. There's my Facebook
post. Oh, now there's my Instagram post.
Oh, cool. I got a real script. Hey,
everybody d whatever it is. Now I've got
that. I've got the description. And so
now you spent zero me zero minutes
coming up with your content for that
day. And now you have content. Um and
and one of the biggest keys and I'm
sorry guys, whenever I'm hosting calls
like this, my internet sucks. So AI
tends to run real slow for me on these.
So I do apologize. Hopefully that will
eventually
do what it's supposed